well howdy there internet people lisboa
can manage don't see that so the chain
of events this morning poll comes out
forty five percent of Americans support
impeachment only thirty eight percent
are opposed
I guess Trump saw that like you know
what forty five percent those are rookie
numbers we need to pump those numbers up
so he walked out to the South Lawn and
live on TV solicited for dinner for
interference in the election not just
should Ukraine mess the gate Biden but
China should too
I am NOT a constitutional lawyer but I'm
fairly certain that speech role I don't
think there's any difference between
sending the message live on TV and doing
it via phone call you know but at the
same time I feel for Trump I do because
he is a victim of the fake news media
I'm not joking
the man who ran around screaming fake
news is being brought down by the fake
news media dead serious because that
theory about Biden it's not real it's a
bunch of events pushed together to make
it seem like it's a story line and it's
not this would be a lot like if I said
you know I know who killed Kennedy
I do just remember that Jackie knew the
JFK had cheated on her with Marilyn ok
just assume that remember that do you
know where she was the day he was killed
she was in Dallas and you know that she
had armed men around her the whole time
she was there now for those that don't
know Jackie was sitting next to Kennedy
when he was shot and the armed men are
her Secret Service agents but if you
leave that part out man it sounds
suspicious and that's kind of what
happened here
there was this manufactured narrative
that there is literally no evidence to
support it doesn't it's not there even
the Ukrainians have said that Biden's
son - nothing wrong and so without any
evidence these right-wing conspiracy
sites that's what they are they're their
political sites though they're really
they're not conspiracy sites in the
sense that they believe this stuff
they're just pumping out misinformation
to get clicks they're coming up with
something that's sensational
that shouldn't be believed by any
rational person and it gets clicks it
gets people mad keeps the base fired up
that's that's what it's there for
and then somehow this fabricated story
this fake news winds up in I guess
Giuliani's hands who then shows the
president who believes it and then acts
on it and calls the president of Ukraine
to invest in me he didn't even know who
the owner I mean it was just all bad I
mean from to be the president of the
United States and have access to one of
the most expansive intelligence networks
in human history and not have the basic
facts for this is kind of embarrassing
but setting that aside he calls him and
does this and the end result is that the
president that ran around screening fake
news is going to be brought down because
he believed fake news the man that told
actual journalists that they were fake
news is going to be brought down by fake
again
and they say poetic justice is dead it's
not it's live and well it's just not
fiction anymore it's in real life you
can't write stuff like this anyway I'm
not really sure I have a thought today I
just think everybody could use a good
laugh after the last few days and this
made me laugh so anyway it's just a
thought you have a good night